[[Archdruidess Ylara, Keeper of the Natural Balance]] - Has detected a disturbance in the kingdom's natural balance and needs the heroes to investigate and resolve the cause of the disturbance.

[[Archdruidess Ylara, Keeper of the Natural Balance]] has called upon the heroes to investigate the disturbance in the natural balance of the forest near the Verosian-Solari borders. Upon arriving, the heroes stumble upon a small Solari village where they see the propaganda posters depicting Verosian soldiers as monsters.

After speaking with the villagers, the heroes discover that the Solari have been cutting down large areas of the forest to build weapons and fortifications for the war effort. The [[Archdruidess Ylara, Keeper of the Natural Balance]] believes that this destruction is the cause of the disturbance in the natural balance and sends the heroes to stop the Solari.

As the heroes make their way through the forest, they encounter [[Solarian Army]] soldiers guarding the logging sites. A battle ensues, and the heroes emerge victorious, but they find that the logging is being overseen by a group of mages who are using dark magic to speed up the process.

The heroes must solve a puzzle to disrupt the mages' spell and halt the destruction of the forest. Once the spell is broken, the heroes confront the mages, who reveal that they are being funded by a wealthy Solari merchant wit ties to [[Lord Alaric]] who profits from the war.

The heroes have a social encounter with the merchant, who attempts to bribe them to keep quiet about his involvement. The heroes can either accept the bribe and leave the merchant unpunished, or they can choose to bring him to justice by presenting the evidence they have gathered to the [[Verosian authorities]].

Either way, the heroes have successfully restored the natural balance of the forest and prevented further destruction.

Involved Groups:
[[Solarian Army]]
